Security: Recommend sharding for resource isolation (#1528)
fluxcd/website: content/en/flux/security/best-practices.md

### Resource Isolation

- Ensure additional Flux instances are deployed when mission-critical tenants/workloads must be assured.

  <details>
    <summary>Rationale</summary>

    Sharing the same instances of Flux Components across all tenants including the Platform Admin, will lead to all reconciliations competing for the same resources. In addition, all Flux objects will be placed on the same queue for reconciliation which is limited by the number of workers set by each controller (i.e. `--concurrent=20`), which could cause reconciliation intervals not to be accurately honored.

    For improved reliability, additional instances of Flux Components could be deployed, effectively creating separate "lanes" that are not disrupted by noisy neighbors. An example of this approach would be having additional instances of both Kustomize and Helm controllers that focuses on applying platform level changes, which do not compete with Tenants changes.

    Running multiple Flux instances within the same cluster is supported by means of sharding, please consult the [Flux sharding and horizontal scaling documentation](flux/cheatsheets/sharding/) for more details.

>     In order for controllers not to compete with each other when trying to reconcile Custom Resources, controller types (e.g. `source-controller`) must have be configured with unique label selectors in the `--watch-label-selector` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To avoid conflicts among controllers while attempting to reconcile Custom Resources, controller types (e.g. `source-controller`) must have be configured with unique label selectors in the `--watch-label-selector` flag.
```

maybe?
